At top of show:
FERNANDEZ:	Batuque (full performance)
1. "And that's exactly what happens in this Batuque beat":
Batuque: percussion only, 2nd bar of No, 2, for 4 bars.
"But over that beat there are rhythms that are even more syncopated and complicated;:
Batuque: trumpets only, 2nd bar of No, 7, for 6 bars.
2.	"You're never in doubt... you hear this colorful little sound":
Maracas play ... "what the Cubans call "claves":
Claves play ... "And then there are all kinds of gourds":
Gourds play ... "and rasping sticks" ... Sticks play.
3.	"...sung for us by the brilliant Israeli soprano, Netania
Davrath":
VILLA LOBOS: Bachianas Brazilieras No.5, full performance
4.	"Here is his Indian-African-Cuban-Mexican poem for orchestra":
REVUELTAS:	Sensemaya
SKIPPED 5.	"...there are hints of bongo and other Latin sounds":
(CUB MAY BE CHANGED)
REPLACED WITH 6."In the meantime, here is Aaron Copland's ...Danzon Cubano":
COPLAND: Danzon Cubano, full performance.
BERNSTEIN: West Side Story Dances,
from "Mambo" (bar 400, Presto - only percussion start)
to bar 787 (which is repeated)